Clarify `appearance: none;` behavior (#36893)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/appearance/index.md

- `none`

>   - : If the element is a widget (native form control) it will be forced to use a standardized primitive appearance instead of a platform native appearance (ex: operating system specific). Non-widget elements, including replaced elements like img and video, are unaffected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : If the element is a widget (native form control), it will be forced to use a standardized primitive appearance instead of a platform-native or operating system specific appearance, supporting the usual rules of CSS.  This value has no effect on non-widget elements, including replaced elements like {{htmlelement("img")}} and {{htmlelement("video")}}.
```
